Jeff this is weekend wraps its 2020 baby
and we're coming out strong with hands
down the best five-part crossover
primetime Network television event of
the decade crisis on Infinite Earths
here we got in the beginning there was
infinitude now it's totally crazy
you said it dude the multiverse looks
bleak more than a nasty God use
Kryptonian parents at gage stuff your
baby in a pod so why was the heart
bringer drops the crew on 38 quick and
Kara
act with haste with their ability to
commiserate via the time with millennial
answers airboats call well Brainiac is
running around like your honorees on
adderall
superbaby lands in a future where all
these even sadder the interdimensional
Dementors rise about the antimatter
battle it out with some results LASIK
and batarangs butts ain't no Salmon
Ladder y'all cazali can no longer hang
and Eragon 38 goes Alderaan with kara
and zero our Paragons they can't get rid
of Kavanaugh pour one out for the Queen
here's to you good lookin
now I'm gonna leave so parallel we can
come and bring that hook in
[Music]
when I were not essential
cameos the rice wheat
[Music]
try
99 reanima Duane decrepit digs and tight
abs kryptonite repeat opk skate whips up
an order of fried fast
ducky Luthor's book tour is making a
killing but powerless well he's pining
for a different song bill and I'm sure
Superman Returns but it just rain with
touch of gray Prison Break just babysit
while inspector David playing those
Tetris 18 last pit and ceramics Jonah
Hex only survived but he's out of his
mind like Frankenstein a p90x so throws
online offense a lover and a thunder so
they gotta find another kind of two more
science fun key to victory of genius in
the Ivy League debris mother trucker
they call him Bryan 1930 a little Fiat
genetic added like lightening helped out
for a sec follow through on the promise
even taking a Burberry speed of marathon
training to death running with the devil
sends them to the Chinese coast meet a
stranger in the bushes and then Ollie
just ghosts ATM strikes vanishing point
suit procedure then blacks that bonkers
yo now parallel me get a sniper
[Music]
Rosie
front
a job
[Music]
way back in the day a time travel
mission flops tragically causing a lost
soul to grow out muttonchops
Ryan's castaway beard shows time has
passed with the group
the ghost Ollie shows off his new power
to book visit all the episodes remand
all the cameos wave another mail though
real quick vacate Vancouver and redirect
the universe but not letting lights be a
huge dick dawn of time battle but the
main event to Spectre sky hole should a
single tear and now he's even deader
that to the grind on the same earth are
you don't say so John gets everyone up
to speed but in a creepy uncle way price
is still afoot so so spray-tan
capitalist Fitbit then Bebo goes all
Stay Puft Sarah cold cause but Deadwood
JK in she monitors to link see antique
manners science for Oliver that man buys
his stature the multiverse is saved from
her to to earth Prime and her 12 earth
1921 or 96 in her nine cameo several
eulogies later they're ready to fight
the same fight with custom Etsy chairs
and a great table for game night
cage-free Easter Egg Superfriends in
North Devon the arrow first keeps rollin
but this verse here is super done that
was all five parts of crisis on Infinite
Earths y'all and this is
rats thanks to my producers forget
parallel need a single detract
bells pretty tight right anyway we'll
see you next time
typing hey everyone Ryan here thank you
so much for watching don't forget you
can download and stream this another
recap rats by clicking the link up here
or if you just watch another video by
clicking over here Oh time for me to
start thinking some rhymes for the next
one red dead yellow hello
orange